If you are a hyper scalar now and you're
looking across the world about where do
we want to build, where we have kind of
security of resource of energy resource
as well as kind of the confidence in in
the political stability, it points to
the United States.
>> Hi Telis.
>> Hi Miriam.
>> So last week we had a great conversation
with Josh Brown about his framework for
thinking about the market, the Halo
companies.
>> Heavy asset, low obsolescence.
>> That's right.
>> it right. You got it right.
>> You got it right. You got it right.
>> And that, you know, got us into talking
about a sector of the market that's been
really hot, which is semiconductors,
because that's one of the sectors that
Josh considers to be Halo.
And it's interesting because it's a way
of thinking about how to power the AI
revolution,
but not through
the making of an LLM, but rather through
the physical infrastructure needed for
AI.
>> Well, we got some reader
listener audience audience feedback
about our episode and and and one person
said, "Oh, you know, hearing Josh talk
about Halo kind of reminds me of the
atoms versus bits kind of conversation
framework." Atoms meaning things, right?
So, oil is atoms, bits being
information, right?
>> Right.
>> You know, something stored on a disk
somewhere.
Uh but semiconductors, I guess, kind of
bridge that a little bit because
obviously they are the facilitators of
bits moving around, but are, you know,
quite atom heavy.
>> [laughter]
>> That's right.
>> of like, you know, we're building data
centers, they need to be filled with
with chips.
>> Yeah, and these semiconductor stocks
have all surged. They've done incredibly
well so far this year. So,
you know, Josh is not the only one on to
this trade. And I think in the past, you
know, things getting this frothy in the
semiconductor
arena would have been a red flag. It
would have been a sign that maybe it's
time to sell these stocks.
But our colleague Dan Gallagher argued
in a Heard um recently that it actually
might be different this time. That there
might be some structural changes
occurring in the semiconductor industry.
And one thing that he pointed out is
that it used to be that semiconductors
were only purchased on these very
short-term contracts. Um so the earnings
could be very volatile. But now these AI
companies are buying semiconductors with
much longer-term contracts. Um and so
that makes the earnings a little bit
more predictable, which typically
generates a higher multiple in the
market.
>> Yeah, Dan had a column the other day.
The headline was something like
watch out, chipmakers are making money.
Right? Because typically that was like,
okay, we're at the top of the sales
cycle.
>> Right.
>> They will inevitably crash because they
always do. These they're very cyclical
sales of these things. And then
you know, they won't make money for a
while. So you treated their earnings as
something that was volatile. Right? And
therefore, you know, when they were
making a lot of money, it
you wouldn't put a very high valuation
multiple on that. The PE of their
earnings was sort of discounted because
you expected it to go away quickly. And
so what's happening now though to your
point about these long-term contracts,
just the the the likelihood that we are
in some sort of super cycle for for the
purchase of of this equipment. Um
that the market is not just pricing in
the fact they're making more money and
might for a few years, but that those
revenues those those earnings I should
say are going to be less volatile. So
you're seeing it's you're seeing
expanding multiples on top of just the
the the earnings
>> So you assign a higher value to those
future earnings.
>> And so that that's why you're seeing
just the absolutely gangbusters
performance for these. And by the way,
we're talking about stocks like Micron,
which has more than doubled so far this
year. Broadcom is up 20%. The uh
Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, the
SOX, that index a closely watched kind
of measure of semis is up, you know, 50%
plus year-to-date. Contrast that to the
companies that are buying chips to put
into their AI applications or relying on
buying those chips to to do so.
They're not doing as well, right? Meta,
you know, take Meta for one example.
They're down a little bit this year,
right? And even Apple, Apple which, you
know, has enormous pricing power, of
course, it buys so many chips and other
things as it puts into iPhones and
computers and whatnot, you know,
traditionally has been immune from kind
of worrying about the price of these
things because they are such an enormous
buyer of them. Tim Cook was warning on
Apple's last earnings call that the the
capital expenditures were going to
increase because of the soaring memory
costs uh that they're facing. So, you
know, it's really suggesting that the AI
trade, you know, uh has really changed a
lot and gone from, "Okay, these are the
companies that are going to be putting
AI to work in their say cloud computing
businesses." We talked about, you know,
people are watching the revenues of
those closely. That those numbers aren't
moving quite as quickly as people
expected. And so, the market has kind of
moved on to saying, "Okay, let's maybe
focus more on on again that that sort of
picks and shovels idea, Halo, uh atoms
and bits, uh and and the the trade has
moved into these these chip makers and
semiconductors."
>> It's really fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> On balance, what do you think that says
about the market?
>> Well, right now the market is in bull
mode. And one thing driving it, Ed
Yardeni, long-time kind of stock analyst
research guru, calls the Buzz Lightyear
theory of the market right now, which is
that uh the demand for compute will
increase to infinity and beyond.
>> I love that.
>> As the
>> [clears throat and laughter]
>> character says, and take S&P 500
earnings along with it. Analysts'
long-term expectations for market
earnings growth, according to Yardeni,
has risen to over 20%. That's that's how
that's the kind of what they expect
corporate earnings to grow over time.
That's higher than it was during the
2000 tech bubble peak.
>> Uh Um
>> That just feels so risky to me somehow.
>> It does. And you know, you might say,
"Oh, okay, that's all being driven by,
you know, these handful of companies."
And and and obviously they are the the
hyperscalers and the semiconductors
companies are leading some of that.
However, you know, Morgan Stanley was
writing about how actually it's not so
narrow, right? Uh first quarter earnings
per share surprises, that is like when
they beat analyst expectations, for the
median S&P 500 stock through earning
season so far, when Morgan Stanley had
compiled this a little while ago, was
6%. That was the strongest it had been
in 4 years. The median S&P 500 stock
earnings growth so far reporting is 16%.
>> Wow.
>> So, it's not just limited to a handful
of tech companies.
>> Yeah, that's really interesting. The
economy is really strong right now, it
seems like. The market is strong,
companies are doing well, corporate
earnings are doing well.
>> Yeah, especially on the the sort of
corporate and kind of manufacturing side
of things. Which of course all lends the
question of like, "Well, what could go
wrong?" Right? What what should people
be looking for?
>> makes me a little nervous, I have to
say.
>> Exactly. And Yardeni had a few like,
"Oh, what could go wrong?" He
highlighted things like very macro
things like, um
you know, could there be conflict, you
know, between China and Taiwan? Oil
prices obviously are big one. One thing
on my radar, certainly, just as like a
human being in this world, is, you know,
I'm getting news alerts about Hantavirus
and, you know,
>> Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't need to remind anybody. We've
lived through some pandemic situations
recently.
Surely this is something that will like
weigh on the market, right?
>> Well, surprisingly the market seems to
have shrugged it off, actually. Um you
know, you would think that because this
Hantavirus was discovered on a cruise
ship, that it would be driving the
cruise ship stocks down.
>> Sure, at the very least.
>> At the very least. I mean, because they
were kind of the patient zero of the
coronavirus outbreak as well. But they
actually seem to have not reacted to
that. What they're really reacting to,
however, is fuel prices, the thing that
everyone is reacting to right now. You
know, we have Viking, um the cruise ship
operator, reporting this upcoming week.
And so, that will be one to watch on the
call. Maybe they will talk about how
fuel prices will affect them. They've
been doing better than some of their
more mass market competitors because
they tend to focus on a more affluent
and um
older consumer. Um you know, I know this
from the um unlimited amounts of PBS
that I watch where there are no
advertisements, but they do have
occasionally a message from the
sponsors, and one of them is Viking. So,
me and the other blue-haired old people
are all
>> [laughter]
>> learning a lot about Viking.
>> Well, there you go. There's another
maybe K-shaped economy story for you
that that, you know, things that are
geared towards more affluent, people
with more sort of disposable income,
that those stocks continue to do well.
And I guess I guess the threat of, you
know, could there be some new virus
that's spreading? You know, the market
certainly is not treating it like this
is pandemic 2.0. So,
I guess that's something to keep an eye
on, but for the moment, it seems like
the market's focus is is is elsewhere.
>> It seems like it's not quite as
contagious as COVID, potentially, and
despite being, you know, a very deadly
virus. So, it's definitely something to
keep an eye on, but maybe not the
biggest issue for at least for the
cruise stocks this coming week.
>> And on that topic of markets and price
signals,
is the market giving us ridiculous
information about the likelihood of a
disruption from something like the
hantavirus or
Middle East conflict and oil markets?
We talked to somebody who has been
thinking about markets for a long time
and then has broadened his focus to
market's impact on society. And that's
John Arnold. He is a former superstar
energy trader turned philanthropist.
We actually had a live conversation with
him at The Wall Street Journal's Future
of Everything conference. And it's a
really interesting discussion about not
just what's going on in energy and
commodities, but also broadly about
other things like prediction markets as
well.
>> It was a fascinating conversation, and
you'll be able to hear that coming up in
a bit.
>> [music]
>> Welcome to a very special live taping of
WSJ's Take on the Week podcast.
>> Speculation is rampant in markets right
now. It's the age of YOLO.
But now it's happening in the oil
market.
>> It's all fun and games when we're
talking about the price of GameStop, but
these are oil futures we're talking
about, crucial price signals for making
decisions about how to meet the growing
AI energy needs of our future. So, if
they're wrong or distorted, it matters
to all of us a lot.
>> And who better to ask about all of this
than John Arnold? He made his fortune as
a superstar energy trader, and now,
along with his wife Laura, he has become
a leading philanthropist.
>> Arnold Ventures focuses on
evidence-based public policy advocacy in
areas like education, criminal justice,
and health care. And it has a new focus
on the latest form of speculation,
prediction markets.
>> Let's get into it. Please welcome John
Arnold.
>> Hello.
>> So, John, I think it's fair to say that
some people think of you as
the or one of the great energy traders
of our time.
Uh and I know you were, you know, a
natural gas trader by trade, but I think
a lot of people in this room would love
to know, when you look at oil markets
these days, I think the market that
we're all focused on,
what are you seeing? What are your
expert eyes telling you about that
market? Are things moving rationally?
What are your thoughts?
>> Yeah, it's really been kind of a
remarkable 2 months because the oil
market has always been scared to death,
right, of this exact scenario. What
happens if the strait closes?
And we've seen this roller coaster of
emotions go through the market from
starting with, you know, the Iranian
barrels will be offline to this will be
over in a week or two to
um
uh-oh, like the strait is closed. Then
the physical market's not that strong to
now this steady state.
And I think many of the analysts were
thinking that had this scenario
happened, we'd have be at $150, $200.
And that was a lot of the discussion
early on. And so I think the question is
like, why aren't we there?
>> Right.
>> And there's a number of things going on.
Um first of all, you know, we're 9 weeks
in. The first 3 weeks barrels were were
already on the water.
And so, you know, that
the
end users were still getting their
Middle Eastern barrels for kind of that
3-week period.
Inventories commercially were high and
so there's been this drawdown of
commercial inventories. You have started
having strategic inventories get drawn
down. You had a number of barrels
getting rerouted through pipelines, so
roughly 40%.
Um
you have had the administration done a I
think a very good job of talking the
market down. So it seems like kind of
every Sunday before the market opens,
you know, there's some messaging about
we're we're meeting or we're going to
solve this or we're going to escort
ships or we're going to bomb you to
smithereens unless you open the strait
you know, or we're going to blockade
you. And so that's done a and I I think
a reasonable job. But now we're in this
I think steady stalemate,
which is in some ways I think the most
dangerous because both sides think
they're winning
the the time battle, right? I think Iran
looks at America and says that the
politics of high gas prices
means that time's on our side. And the
United States is looking at kind of the
economic consequences of the blockade
and says the times on our side.
And neither side really has a good card
to play right now. And so we're at the
stalemate, and meanwhile we're losing 10
to 12 million barrels a day of global
supply. And so this just starts ticking.
And so now we're kind of on this steady
upward rise with kind of no real and
understanding or transparency as to how
this comes to a close. Like what solves
this? And so um until there is some type
of breakthrough of a negotiated
settlement, and it's hard to see that
today, we're just on a steady tick up.
>> So I think a lot of people think that
given that the market isn't really
pricing in enough risk of a long-term
supply disruption, what do you think
about that?
>> Yeah, I think I think I agree right now.
Um yeah, I was relatively
um sanguine about the first month of
this.
Um but now that we're on this steady
state,
you know, losing 10% of global supply
for a month is like the market can
handle that. Like
I I think
the issue now without kind of the
obvious
um
pathway to any type of settlement or
negotiated settlement of this
really brings structural problems to the
market. And you know, there's a number
of analysts kind of putting out the
commentary of when do we really start to
see the physical market break? And I
think consensus is around 30 days from
now.
Again, because we started with a
relatively healthy balances, good
commercial inventories, the reduction or
the the bringing out the strategic
inventories,
the market's been able to take this
without kind of real breaking point to
date, but it's coming.
>> So
if you're thinking about energy though
in a long-term capacity. You're thinking
about planning for future energy needs,
the energy transition. And I know you're
on the board at Meta, a company that's
obviously making huge investments in AI,
which has enormous energy needs. Um
how does the way that the markets are
treating risk, whether or not there's
good long-term risk premium priced into
the market, how do those things impact
people thinking about energy in a
long-term way? Are we getting good
pricing signals for that, or do you kind
of have to look through everything
that's happening now?
>> Yeah, the United States has this
tremendous advantage of being having
relative energy security and
independence with regards to natural gas
and electricity, which is really what
the data centers care about. Uh so,
natural gas to fuel the natural gas
generation, as well as kind of any type
of electricity.
Um you know, the oil markets are very
much on the international market.
They're much It's much easier to
transport a liquid than it is a gas or
an electron.
And so, because of that energy
independence on gas and electricity,
I think um
we've seen natural gas prices go down
since the start of this conflict. We've
seen uh electricity prices actually go
down.
And I think there's been confirmation
that this is where the hyperscalers want
to build their data centers. You know,
there was starting to be some uh some
build in the Middle East. And you saw
some announcements of you know, one of
the data centers, I think in Saudi, that
that got hit by a drone. I don't think
there was any significant damage, but I
think if you're a hyperscaler now and
you're looking across the world about
where do we want to build where we have
kind of security of resource, of energy
resource,
um as well as kind of the confidence in
in the political stability,
it points to the United States. And so,
what where most data centers centers
were getting built in the United States,
hyperscalers were starting to explore
overseas. I think this just brings back
kind of the attraction of the United
States.
>> Interesting, yeah.
>> Speaking of something that makes the
United States attractive, you tweeted
about how people don't appreciate how
much the shale revolution has helped
fight inflation in the United States.
Are fossil fuels still going to be a key
part of the energy future for a long
time?
>> They are. They are. And I I think
yeah,
5 years ago, people were looking at
these charts of the cost of solar, cost
of wind on this steady decline. And
we're extending those trend lines down
to zero. And you even started to hear
about
this kind of too cheap to to to measure
on on the cost of electricity, that it
was going to be essentially free.
And you've seen that trend reverse. And
so kind of the the 5-6 year trend of
electricity costs has been going up. You
know, part of this is the increase in
demand we've seen. I think part of this
is also kind of a lot of those features
that were driving down the cost of
renewables
kind of
we're starting to bottom out. And the
inflationary aspects of renewables,
which include kind of the labor cost,
the land cost, the cost of congestion,
the cost of the grid,
we're starting to hit.
I I think there's also kind of the
realization
of the need for reliability
of the electrical system. And so
renewables will be a growing and
significant part
of generation
forever from here.
But I think fossil fuels will continue
to be a vital part of it as well.
>> It seems like one of the things that
could be standing in the way of getting
all of this to work is permitting. And I
think it's fair to say that you're in
the abundance camp, which argues that a
big problem in the US right now is that
we can't build anything anymore. What
are you seeing
you know, where are you seeing that
problem, you know, most acutely in
energy and what could what do you think
can be done about it?
>> Yeah, I think we were
we were abundance before abundance was
cool.
>> [laughter]
>> I think we were recognizing the problems
of the difficulty in building housing,
the cost to build new transportation,
right? Second Avenue Subway was one of
these famous case studies that that
we've
kind of funded a study on
and the the difficulty and cost of
building energy resources and energy
infrastructure in this country. And that
that difficulty, the cost to do so, the
time to bring these online, the
uncertainty for developers and even
starting projects were starting to have
really material impacts in the quality
of life of Americans. And so we decided
to start this line of work of
infrastructure and permitting reform at
the foundation. And it really goes along
all those areas, right? About housing,
linear infrastructure, and energy
infrastructure.
And making sure that the good project
projects can get built in a timely
fashion with you know, that is
appreciative of kind of
the ramifications of cost overruns and
what that does to individuals
while maintaining kind of adequate
safeguards that the bad projects aren't
getting built. And it's trying to
balance those two. How do the good
things, the good projects that are
needed by society get built while the
ones that have too large of an
environmental footprint don't?
>> Does AI complicate the politics of that?
Because you know, you're starting to see
some public concern about, you know, is
artificial intelligence something that I
want in my life? Is it going to take my
job? And so if there's a perception that
oh, we need to build more energy, but
it's to serve the needs of AI, does that
risk kind of fracturing the you know,
the kind of political coalitions that
need to build to say, yes, we need to
build more
we need to make permitting easier, etc.
Does AI complicate that?
>> Yeah, yeah. So, I think
in some ways that that the data center
debate that's happening across this
country
um
you know, has some of the components of
like the housing NIMBYism.
>> I don't want a data center in my
backyard.
>> Right. Um
in some ways it's different. So, in
housing like you have
you need housing in local markets. It is
a very local issue.
Right. And so,
around New York, you need places for you
know, for the workers to live that's
nearby, that's affordable.
It's not suitable to say, okay, we're
going to put that housing not in New
York City, we're going to stick it in
Buffalo instead.
>> Right. That doesn't work.
>> Right. In some ways though,
like you can do that with data centers.
Like the data center doesn't need to be
in a suburb of New York City. It can It
has more flexibility on where it can be.
And because of that, I think there can
be this Coasean bargain of you know,
that the data center has to make it
worthwhile for the community
to be able to locate there.
So, it has to improve the community
through property tax revenue, through
jobs, through making the grid more
affordable and more reliable, and not
the opposite of it.
And we're starting to see this um kind
of diversion of
um
or bifurcation
uh in the United States of communities
who are saying we don't want data
centers. Some of them like Loudoun
County in Virginia because they're
they're saying we have too many, right?
It's just they're everywhere.
Some of it I think is almost politics
now that people are just want to be
anti-tech, and so they're saying like no
to this AI thing, this big tech thing,
we're just against that in theory.
But you see many other communities who
are saying, "We do want that. We do want
the property tax revenue. We do want
those jobs. We do want to diversify our
economy."
And I think again because
there's less need for the hyper-local
siting of data centers,
I'm not worried about this yet. Now, if
if this keeps going and if you start
having more state-level bans or
pauses on siting, then I think we can
start running into some trouble.
>> And does government need to play a role
to facilitate,
you know, kind of shared resources,
right? Grid upgrades and things like
that. Because I mean, that's that's one
concern, right? Can we even deliver the
electricity that's generated to where it
needs to go?
>> Yeah, so I think there is this need for
public and private to work together.
Again, for a data center to get sited
today, they have to come in and say
like, "Not only are we not going to make
kind of the grid and the power system
worse for residents, but we're going to
improve it." And that's possible, right?
So if if a data center is coming in and
building the new generation and
connecting to the grid and whenever the
data center is not at 100% utilization,
it now has excess generation capability
that can be used to make the grid more
reliable, more more affordable.
And so there are ways for the the data
centers and the hyperscalers to improve
the electrical system. Um and I think
that's where we are now. That's kind of
a the stakes to even build one today is
is that requirement. I think there was
kind of this transition period where
they were working where
we had the old rules before we were
talking about half a gig gig 3 gigawatt
data centers coming in.
um where there was spare capacity
in the system, and communities were
welcoming in data centers because
because there was spare generation.
There was uh room on the grid. We're
past that point in most places now, and
so now, again, table stakes is you come
in with very significant dollars for to
upgrade the system.
>> [music]
>> Jon, I want to shift gears a little bit
to get into prediction markets, um which
has been a big area of coverage at The
Wall Street Journal. You have strong
views about this. Our colleagues at the
Journal recently published a story
showing that 67% of Polymarket profits
go to just 0.1% of accounts. What do you
think that says about these markets?
>> Um
Yeah,
uh I think in any market, whether it is
you're trading stocks, you're trading
commodities, or you're trading, you
know, sports betting, anything. I
There's a difference between
are you trying to make money or are you
is this a form of entertainment?
All right. And putting $20 down on the
football game tonight, you know, makes
that game more interesting. I think that
is, you know, entertainment. I think,
you know, that's what much of sports
betting has been.
Um you know,
but that's that was kind of the
first generation, the last generation of
what sports betting was.
And the sports betting today is not I'm
going to put $20 down on the game and
wait, you know, 5 hours and see whether
I won or lost. It is I'm going to bet on
the coin flip. I'm going to bet on every
play. I'm going to do it at 10 to
10-way parlay bet that pays off, you
know, 2,000 to 1 if I hit, but, you
know, it's actually 10 bets in 1.
And I I maybe we need to kind of as
society step back and like think about
vice in general. And I first of all like
what's the definition of vice? And and
mine is
what are those things that we do where
nobody's going to say, "Oh, you're doing
more of that great job." Right?
[laughter]
"Oh, you're drinking more. Good for
you."
Right? You're like, "Watching more porn.
Great." You know,
"You're you're gambling more. Great."
Right?
Um
and
and in that in those things, right? I I
think there's been this combination of
that the ease of access
and the product intensity has changed
dramatically over the past, you know, 5,
10, 15 years.
And we as society need to catch back up
with it. Right? We we legalized
marijuana because like the marijuana of
the '80s and '90s was kind of, you know,
relatively, you know, similar harm as
alcohol, arguably, right? And and we
legalized alcohol and people could enjoy
it responsibly. Like the intensity of
marijuana is very different today. The
access to it is very different in many
states. Right?
>> Kind of the same as similar to gambling
where
>> Kind of the same as porn
>> of oh, I'll place a bet versus 10-way
parlays, right?
>> Exactly, right? And so so like the
friction to access, you know, all these,
including gambling, has just changed
dramatically.
And the business model associated with
it has changed dramatically.
And if we as society take the friction
to all these vices down to zero and it's
as simple as you pull out your phone and
do three clicks and you got to have a
bet,
um then I think there's going to be some
real negative societal ramifications.
And so what we've been thinking about is
like not do you ban this,
right? Not like no sports betting, no
marijuana, no porn, all these things,
right? But what are the right guardrails
for these things?
>> Arnold Ventures looks a lot at gathering
evidence, right? Like, how much do we
know about the impact of this this kind
of vice on people's lives, but also
you've been saying that
currently the CFTC is regulating uh
prediction markets.
There's a dispute about whether or not
states should continue in their role as
regulating gambling in their borders.
And you've said that maybe it should be
the states who continue to regulate, at
least on the sports betting part of
things, right?
>> Yeah, certainly. Um so, there's a
question of can the CFTC regulate this
and and legalize sports betting
nationally? And I think this is, you
know, a question that is going through
the courts today, right? CFTC was
created in order to regulate commodity
markets that serve two purposes. One is
that allow transfer of risk
um between counterparties. Um so,
imagine, you know, the transfer of oil
risk, the transfer of, you know,
currency risk, interest rate risk,
equity risk, right? And many prediction
markets, you know,
also serve that role. So, kind of, you
know, weather derivatives, even
geopolitical or political events on
prediction markets, I think, you know,
you can argue that they can serve
>> They serve a legitimate hedging purpose.
>> They can, yes. Yeah. And what we've
really focused on is kind of this kind
of sports betting
legalization
um in the prediction markets.
And so, there's this question, right?
Like, is CFTC like, do they even have
the power to regulate this and to
authorize these the sports betting
components. Um and then there's kind of
like the major doctrines question
component to this.
I think And if So, there's the legal
component that's going through the
courts today, then there's like
again, going back to a kind of the
earlier discussion,
if they can, should they? Right?
Gambling has traditionally been left to
the states. This kind of the the 10th
Amendment and and delegation of powers
that aren't enumerated go to the states.
States have legal you have been
responsible for determining
what's legal, how to regulate it. So,
Nevada and Utah share a long border.
Nevada has decided to legalize most
gambling.
Utah has decided to ban most gambling.
All right? And that's what kind of the
policy makers in each each state have
decided is best for their community. And
I think that's fine. I think if this is
done at the state level to gear it more
towards what's right for the community
and that have this history, long history
of regulation of gambling markets about
what products, what are the guidelines,
what are the age, you know, what happens
if, you know, people are gaming
irresponsibly. All these questions have
already been answered. There's already
organizations set up. Uh that's the
natural place where this should be
regulated and we feel very strongly
about that. Then there's like the second
order of like should states, if they
have that ability, should they legalize
sports betting, you know, on your
device?
And I think our
our um communication to policy makers is
the the revenue, the tax revenue
that's associated with that is very
appealing.
All right? And you know, if you find
ways to add more revenue that is not a
direct tax, like that'll draw in
legislators, get very appeal get very
drawn to that.
>> John, I think we're all out of time.
Thank you so much for this wonderful
conversation.
>> Thank you so much for joining us.
>> [music]
[music]